Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
This duel will be tough.
Let's give these Obelisks
a pounding!
(all)
Let's duel!
Stand in awe
of the ground shaking
Chaos Ancient Gear Giant!
It's that monster...
Oh, no!
Saya, no!
You're okay!
(Yuya)
He's hurt bad.
You should worry more about
yourself than your friend!
Chaos Giant, crush Friendonkey!
Attack!
Thanks for that.
I play Quick Guard!
It switches Friendonkey
to defense mode,
so Yuya doesn't take any damage.
(computer)
Intrusion penalty.
2,000 points.
No way!
Kite?
He's teaming up
with the Lancers?
I Xyz Summon!
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
Go Cipher Subjection!
I gain control of
Chaos Ancient Gear Giant
and transform it into another
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
(Obelisk)
No! Chaos Giant!
Go Cipher
Stream of Destruction!
(screaming)
Now, Yuya Sakaki...
You and I have a date
with destiny!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Well, well, if it isn't
Commander Frowny McFrowny face.
Settle down, Grace.
A little respect.
Commander Phoenix, The Professor
sent us to your dimension
to wipe out the Lancers.
Looks like you failed!
Like you could do any better!
Oh, wait.
You couldn't.
The grapevine says
Yuya kicked your butt.
Yuya...
That's a mistake I intend
to remedy personally.
So you two can skulk on home
to the Professor if you'd like.
What I'd like to do is zip
that lip of yours!
Silence!
Show a little respect
to your superior!
Besides, if anyone is going to
crush those dastardly Lancers
in a duel, it will be me!
Isn't that so, sir?
I... mean...
there's no need for you to soil
your immaculate uniform
in a messy brawl, is there?
With your permission,
I'll bring a battle
that will belt those interlopers
back from whence they came!
You've done enough already,
haven't you?
You and I will talk later.
I've got work to do.
He knows... he knows that
I went behind his back
to bring the Tyler sisters here.
He'll be so mad he'll assign me
to toilet patrol!
Unless Yuya takes him down...
Come on, Shay...
Wake up!
Guys, we got company!
You get Shay outta here and I'll
hold off these buffoons.
No, Alan.
I will.
You'll do no such thing!
(computer)
Generating Action Field:
Crossover.
(grunting)
What're you up to!?
(rumbling)
Huh?
I'm not up to anything,
but these fences are.
What's this?
A little extra insurance
in case you try to run off.
It's perfect to keep outsiders
out and us insiders in.
Yuya, you were fortunate
to escape our last meeting,
but not this time...
You're mine now.
So prepare to duel
your last duel ever!
I'm always up for a duel,
but my buddy needs help.
(Yuto)
Save your breath.
Yuto?
We don't have a choice.
There's only one way to get
out of this cage,
and it's to go
right through him, Yuya.
And we got no time
to mess around.
If we want to help Shay,
we gotta duel.
Are you in position?
Yessir!
I'll have the squad
move in ASAP!
There must be some way we can
bust Yuya out of that cage.
If I take these Lancers down,
Aster can't be
mad at me anymore.
Guys, run!
Well, that certainly
escalated quickly.
It sure did.
Kite?
Guess I got here
just in time.
Yuya!
Don't worry about your friends.
I'm on it.
Thanks, Kite.
Hope you're ready
to be blown away...
'Cause it's show time!
Let's duel!
I'll make the first move!
And choosing
which monster to summon
was an easy decision to make!
Come out,
Destiny Hero ‐ Decider!
Yuya Sakaki, I'm bringing
the curtain down
on you and your dad's
dueltaining.
You two think dueling's all
about making people smile.
Well, after I get through
with you,
you'll never be smiling again.
This is my second chance
to show him he's wrong.
I gotta do it this time cause
I don't think I'll get a third.
Now show me what you've got.
All right!
You asked for it.
It's my move!
I set the Pendulum Scale with my
Performapal Handstandaccoon
and my Timegazer Magician!
I'm taking control of this duel
starting now!
Now I can summon monsters
from levels four through seven
all at the same time!
Swing far, pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
Take aim Performapal
Dag Daggerman!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(growling)
Whoa...
So glad I got
a front row seat!
All right, showtime!
Dag Daggerman, attack!
Sling your blades
at Destiny Hero ‐ Decider!
And next,
my Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
will attack you directly!
Spiral Flame Strike!
I send Destiny Hero ‐ Dynatag
to the graveyard
so I can activate
its special ability.
Since I have fewer
life points than you,
I don't take damage
from Odd‐Eyes.
But instead, we both take
1,000 points of damage!
Well not "we" actually...
just you!
By returning Destiny Hero ‐
Decider to my hand,
it stops me
from losing any life points.
(screaming)
Cool!
Aster brought his A‐game!
So Yuya's gonna have to go
A‐plus on him!
We're not here
to spectate, Grace.
While Commander Phoenix
handles Yuya,
let's go clean up
the rest of the riffraff.
Can't you take care
of those losers?
I want to watch
the bam, slam, and kabam!
Heh, you think you have
enough monsters?
No, Kite!
He'll be fine.
Yuya, keep your eyes
on the prize.
Yeah, you're right.
I end my turn.
Then it's my move!
I draw!
I activate a spell‐‐
Polymerization!
And with it I fuse
Destiny Hero ‐ Decider
and Destiny Hero Drilldark!
With the help
of this next monster,
your fate's about to take
a terrifying turn for the worse!
I Fusion Summon!
Destiny Hero ‐ Dystopia!
And I'm putting its power
to use... right away!
You take damage equal to
Decider's attack points!
(screaming)
That was just a preview!
Grace, that's enough,
let's move it, like now!
In a minute, okazies?
I equip Dystopia
with Delay Armor!
Now attack Odd‐Eyes!
By destroying your Odd‐Eyes,
Delay Armor energizes
its blasters and destroys
your Dag Daggerman!
Plus, you'll get blasted
with 500 points of damage!
Congratulations.
You've dueltained yourself
down to 600 life points.
This proves that all this
dueltaining is nothing
but a joke‐‐
just like your father.
Galaxy‐Eyes...
Attack with Cipher Stream
of Destruction!
Yuya!
You see that?
Kite rocked and rolled
those Fusion freaks!
We'll make sure
Shay gets the help he needs!
And I suggest you make sure
you don't lose.
You good?
A legion of our best duelists
took on one lousy louse,
and that louse
laid them all out?
What a bunch o' wimps!
But as their superior officer,
the buck stops with you, Noro!
You'll get the blame.
You can't pin this fiasco on me!
Commander Phoenix led our troops
into this mess,
so the buck stops with him!
(laughing)
I threw him
under the bus again...
Uh great, another thing
he'll be mad at me about!
Sweet!
Now that the riffraff have,
like, hit the road,
I can get back to
enjoying the show
without any rude interruptions!
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
Here I go!
And now on with the show...
Since I'm lucky to have already
built the Pendulum Scale,
I can Summon...
my monsters again!
Welcome back, Performapal
Dag Daggerman!
Nice to see ya,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(growling)
He brought his monsters back,
but they're too weak
to defeat Aster's Dystopia.
You know Yuya
has a trick up his sleeve.
And it's gonna be
abracadabralicious!
(chuckling)
You brought back
those two losers again?
If that's your idea
of dueltaining,
consider myself entertained!
Because I get to destroy them
all over again!
That's not how
you're supposed to have fun!
How do I get through
to this guy?
You're still
on that kick, Yuya?
He's not just from Duel Academy.
He's the leader
of their entire army.
Don't you realize that nothing
will ever change his mind.
Maybe Yuto's right.
Maybe it is hopeless....
Or maybe not!
Because I got an idea!
I'm about to turn this duel
upside down!
Handstandacoon's Pendulum
ability activates!
Letting me bring it back
to my hand!
Why would you break
your own Pendulum Scale!
Simple, Dag Daggerman's
special ability
lets me send Handstandacoon
to the graveyard
to draw a card from my deck!
And I'm hoping it's a good one!
Awesome!
I use Performapal
Trump Witch
to rebuild my Pendulum Scale!
It may look like
I took the long way home,
but I'm glad I went to
all that trouble,
because she lets me
Fusion Summon
without using Polymerization.
I fuse Performapal Dag Daggerman
with my Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
What!
You know how to Fusion Summon?
Aww, come on, Aster.
If that's gonna leave you
in shock,
you'll pass out
before I get to my best stuff!
I Fusion Summon!
A dragon so hot
that it burns away
all your monster's attack points
before it even hits the field!
Oh, no, you can't!
Can too!
Right, Brave‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon?
Huh!
Brave‐Eyes!
(growling)
Sweet!
(Yuto)
He never learned
that someone
from another dimension
can Fusion summon.
So maybe
he'll question everything
he's learned from Duel Academy.
A Fusion Summon...
And I have to admit,
it's a pretty good one!
But the good becomes great since
it gains 100 attack points
for each monster that just had
its attack points drained away!
Yes!
With one attack
Aster will be dragon fodder!
It's all going to plan.
Woohoo!
Really?
I wonder how the Professor
will react after he learns
that he's got a fan of the enemy
on his team.
No no no,
I said "boohoo" not "woohoo!"
Let's just... forget I
said anything.
Brave‐Eyes!
Attack!
Take out Destiny Hero
‐ Dystopia!
Searing Flame Strike!
Whatever.
Since my Fusion Monster is
equipped with Delay Armor,
your Fusion Monster
can't harm it.
Your pathetic Fusion Summon
didn't work.
It will when it uses
its third ability!
Third?
Even with your Armor,
Brave‐Eyes still can destroy it!
You think you're so smart...
Well, you've got
much to learn!
I activate Urban Demise,
which gives my Dystopia
an extra 100 attack points!
A hundred attack points might
not seem like much,
but it's more than enough!
Because when Dystopia's
attack points change,
its special ability activates
and automatically destroys
your monster‐‐
and any chance
of you winning this duel!
Yuya, you may be able
to Fusion Summon,
but you don't know
the ins and outs like me!
And because of that
your Dragon's going to pay
the price for your foolishness.
Brave‐Eyes!
Yuya, I'm afraid that Dragon
was the last that hope you had.
Huh?
Did Aster drop a card?
Hey, that's Smile World!
Aster, is that my dad's card?
And if it is,
how did you get a hold of it?
It's still your turn, Yuya,
so get on with it!
Aster!
What are you doing
with my dad's card?
I'll tell you...
I...
dueled him right when
I got to this dimension...
Yusho Sakaki,
I've heard a lot about you.
You're the one who's been
spouting nonsense
about dueling
to make people happy?
Well, you're half‐correct.
Half?
I do want to spread joy
to others with my dueling,
but I never said it was
nonsense, dear boy.
That's enough!
As an enemy of Duel Academy,
I'll turn you into a card.
Prepare for battle!
I swore then that I would crush
and humiliate your father
to prove that Duel Academy
ruled the battlefield!
Now Dystopia,
unleash your fury!
Attack!
(growling)
It seems that I've
broken you already.
Now then, I believe
it's my turn.
I activate...
the spell card Smile World!
That was the turning point
of the duel...
Things went from
good to horrible in a flash.
I lost...
But how is that possible?
Cheer up, lad.
Huh?
At least you had fun.
Fun?
I lost!
What's fun about that?
I failed Duel Academy.
Come on, failure's such
a harsh word.
But if you're feelin' down,
the only way to go is up!
So forget all your conquering
Duel Academy nonsense
and duel with a smile!
Hold up...
Are you seriously expecting me
to turn my back on Duel Academy?
I am.
Never!
You're trying to trick me!
I won't be fooled!
Dueling isn't for fun!
You're trying to trick me
into betraying Duel Academy
and the Professor,
but it won't work!
(screaming)
Aster... please trust me.
Where is he?!
I haven't seen your father
since, Yuya.
For a sec, I thought maybe he
got sent to another dimension.
It happens a lot around here.
But then I remembered,
your dad's a trickster.
He was trying to trick me again.
He knows that I'll turn him
into a card if I ever find him.
He couldn't have gone far.
I knew he was somewhere
in this city, hiding from me.
So I searched high and low
until one day,
lo and behold,
I find his son.
The one clue to finding Yusho
Sakaki falls right into my lap.
A coincidence?
No.
Destiny!
Our last duel
may have ended in a draw...
But you're not going to
walk away from this duel, Yuya.
I promise!
Do you see Yuya?
See how deep his anger runs?
There's nothing you can do
to change his ways.
I'm going to place one card
facedown, ending my turn!
That means the effects
from Brave‐Eyes' special ability
will now wear off.
So Dystopia's attack points
return to normal.
My turn, then.
Your father may have eluded me,
but you won't!
With everything I learned from
Duel Academy, I will end you!
And once I beat you,
your father's next!
Commander Phoenix has that twerp
right where he wants him.
It's all over.
You sure?
This is Yuya
we're talking about!
(Yuto)
What's so funny?
Well...
Aster kept half
of my dad's card.
That means he's always
thinking of him...
And I don't think
it's just for revenge.
I think my dad
got through to him.
Now, Dystopia, wipe that grin
away once and for all!
Finish Yuya off!
Yusho thought he could trick me
into changing my mind,
but that will never happen!
Now, Dystopia, end this duel!
Smile, Yuya!